Refs #340: Swap old 'CLA' for the DCO (#598)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_modules_checklist.rst

* use proper :ref:`Python 3 syntax <developing_python_3>`
* follow `PEP 8 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_ Python style conventions - see :ref:`testing_pep8` for more information
* license your module under the GPL license (GPLv3 or later)

> * understand the :ref:`DCO agreement <developer_certificate_of_origin>`, which applies to all contributions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* understand the :ref:`DCO agreement <developer_certificate_of_origin>`, which applies to contributions to the `Ansible Core <https://github.com/ansible/ansible>`_ and `Ansible Documention <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation>`_ repositories.
```
